chore: Improve the current tutorial for consuming orchestration and grounding (#1)
shibeshduw/Tutorials: tutorials/ai-core-orchestration-grounding/ai-core-orchestration-Grounding.md

[OPTION END]

[OPTION BEGIN [JavaScript SDK]]

In this step, we will create a generic secret in SAP AI Core using the `@sap-ai-sdk/ai-api` package of the [SAP Cloud SDK for AI (JavaScript)](https://github.com/SAP/ai-sdk-js/tree/main/packages/ai-api). 

Generic secrets securely store SharePoint credentials required for document access. Please change the values to your SharePoint credentials.

```javascript

import { SecretApi } from from '@sap-ai-sdk/ai-api';

// Create Secret using SecretApi
async function createGenericSecret() {
    try {
        const response = await SecretApi.kubesubmitV4GenericSecretsCreate({
            name: 'canary-rg1-secret',
            data: {
                type: 'SFRUUA==',
                description: '<description of generic secret>',
                clientId: '<client id>',
                authentication: '<AUTHENTICATION>',
                tokenServiceURL: '<token service url>',
                password: '<password>',
                proxyType: '<PROXY>',
                url: '<URL>',
                tokenServiceURLType: '<TOKEN SERVICE URL>',
                user: '<user>',

>                 clientSecret: '<clientSecret>',

Reviewer: Can we align the style of placeholders here? In our team at least, we use `I_AM_A_PLACEHOLDER` style

[OPTION END]

[OPTION BEGIN [JavaScript SDK]]

> In this step, we will create a document-grounding pipeline in SAP AI Core using the `@sap-ai-sdk/document-grounding` package of the [SAP Cloud SDK for AI (JavaScript)](https://github.com/SAP/ai-sdk-js/tree/main/packages/document-grounding). 

Reviewer: @jjtang1985 Should we mark this package as stable soon? If anything changes, we should not forget to adapt this tutorial as well.

> • To start, install the dependency in your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
• To start, install the dependency to your project.
```

    const orchestrationClient = new OrchestrationClient(
        {
            llm: {
                model_name: "gpt-4o"
            },
            templating: {
                template: [
                    {
                    role: "user",
                    content: "You are a precise and reliable assistant. Using only the provided context, generate a concise and accurate summary relevant to the request. Do not infer or generate information beyond the given context. If the requested information is not available in the context, clearly state that. Request: {{ ?groundingRequest }} Context: {{ ?groundingOutput }}"
                    }
                ],
            },
            filtering: {
                input: { filters: [inputFilter] },
                output: { filters: [outputFilter] }
            },
            // Create a grounding configuration with a database filter
            grounding: buildDocumentGroundingConfig({
                input_params: ['groundingRequest'],
                output_param: 'groundingOutput',
                filters: [
                    {
                        id: 'filter1',

>                         data_repositories: ['23c**********************5ed6'], //Replace with the value of your data repository ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                        data_repositories: ['<DATA_REPOSITORY_UUID>'], // TODO: Replace with the value of your data repository ID
```

Using `TODO` will let IDE show a hint and make it more obvious.
